Israel has bombed the jabalia refugee
camp in Northern Gaza for a third day in
a row nearly 200 Palestinians are now
known to have been killed there strikes
have also targeted the maazi camp in
central Gaza in a moment we'll be live
with our correspondent in Gaza but first
this update from Assad
bag the bombs haven't stopped neither
have the deaths Gaza Skyline is a
constant stream of billowing smoke
on the ground it's a desperate fight to
save
lives fuel is running low for generators
at the Indonesian hospital now using a
backup
generator but the injured keep
arriving it's not just about saving
lives it's about caring for the many
children who have had life-changing
injuries because of the Israeli War on
Gaza four-year-old Kenzie is burned and
bruised her arm amputated too young to
understand the war or watch has happened
to
her the house collapsed completely on
them they were injured and they took the
girls out from under the rubble they
called me when I was on my way fromat
and told me that my daughter Kinsey was
killed but when I arrived at the
hospital I found that they had given her
first
aid one-year-old militia needs Rand
clock
care we talk about 68 killed from my
family she is the only Survivor she is
is
paralyzed there is trapnel that hit her
spine the girl cannot move at all what
did she do
wrong but they are alive not everyone
has survived Israel's
bombardment the fighting continues with
Israel saying its troops have moved
deeper into the Gaza
Strip Hamas though says it's resisting
the incursions releasing this video
which appears to show its Fighters
targeting Israeli
tanks one of the world's strongest
militaries with nearly $4 billion
addition additional funding from the
United States Waging War on the people
in a narrow strip of
land Palestinians have no Air Force no
air defense no Army and no major Western
power calling for a ceasefire Assad bag
Al
jazer oh the number of Palestinians
killed in Gaza in the past 25 days has
now risen to more than 9,000 that
includes more than
3,700 children which means a child is
being killed every 10 minutes in the
occupied West Bank Israeli raids have
killed 134 Palestinians in the past 3
weeks and more than 1900 have been
detained on the Israeli side more than
1,400 Israelis were killed in hamas's
attack on October the 7th the Israeli
military says 18 soldiers have been
killed since the ground offensive began
last week a spokesman of the health
Ministry in Gaza gave this
update on those killed injured and under
the
rubble we
received
2600 reports for missing including
1,150 children missing or buried under
the
debris the Israeli occupation forces
violations against medical facilities
resulted in
135 death among the
medical personnel 12
ambulance Vehicles destroyed 100 medical
facilities were partially damaged and 16
hospitals and 32 medical cares are now
totally out of operation either by
direct targeting or as a result of
absence of
fuel of the more than 2 million people
living in Gaza 1.7 million of them are
refugees they live in and around eight
camps operated by the UN Rory chall has
more on
that they are the children grandchildren
and great grandchildren of a war three
quarters of a century
past but each new generation frequently
meets its own violent aftershocks or
Echoes of that
war all are descendants of the nabar or
catastrophy what Palestinians call the
1948 conflict that led to the creation
of Israel as Palestinians fled or were
expelled by Israeli forces to
neighboring countries thousands found
themselves in the Gaza Strip then
controlled by the Egyptian Army first
refugees stayed in mosques homes
barracks and Tents but with time and
population increases gaza's eight un run
camps developed into dense urban areas
1948 created the Gaza Strip and its
refugee camps
1967 turned them into what many have
called open air prison prisons Israel's
victory in the sixday Arab Israeli War
left it in a dominant position and Gaza
East Jerusalem and the West Bank became
occupied territories it's often
Palestinian civilians who suffer the
most in Israel's attacks Israel blames
armed Palestinian groups such as Hamas
for the
violence life for gaza's refugees is an
onslaught of formidable challenges
blockades overcrowding insufficient
water power and health care poverty
psychological trauma the failures of a
fractured Palestinian Authority and of
course the terrible toll of Israel's
bombs and missiles all in a tiny strip
of land now facing its most sustained
attack in decades Rory chalins Al
jazer let's go to Al jaz's hanni Mahmud
he joins us now from Khan Unis inside
Gaza so first of all a third strike hany
on jaban refugee camp in 3 days and a
strike near a un Affiliated school what
does the aftermath of all of that look
like right
now yes Sammy well let's bring you the
latest uh another air strike within the
past few minutes in alour refugee camp
in central Gaza Strip This is the middle
area and it's a residential home uh full
with evacuees in addition to the uh the
owner of the uh the residential home
another air strike in central KH Unis as
well and just as we speak uh ambulances
in Naser hospitals are giv the signal to
rush to uh the uh the side of the
targeted residential home as they leave
the main gate right now uh as there are
reports of multiple injuries at the spot
but earlier uh This Day within the past
uh two hours uh a
third
sorry a third air strikes in jabalia
refugee camp in a particularly in haaja
neighborhood a residential building uh
was destroyed completely by multiple air
strikes leaving a large number of killed
uh of of killed people as well as
multiple number of injuries who were
rushed right way to the Indonesian
Hospital the only remaining functioning
health facility functioning partially by
the way uh to the in the hospital and at
the same time hany we are hearing
Israeli forces are saying their troops
are at the gates of Gaza City what kind
of resistance are they
facing yes well since the beginning of
the ground Invasion since the Israeli
announced that they started their ground
invasion in the past two stages uh
Israeli tanks and Israeli uh forces are
pushing deep in the northern part of
from three main axes the northern
western side and from the northern
eastern side of the Border City of Bon
and mainly from the from the southern
part of Gaza City coming from the
southern uh Eastern side in in an
attempt to squeeze Gaza they are reports
now they are at the gates of Gaza City
and we we spoke with someone uh who uh
just came from uh from Gaza City all the
way to the southern part uh and talk
about uh horror stories going on as they
were intense air strikes and artillery
Shilling and Naval Shillings H from on
his way from Gaza to to the city of KH
yunes there are Fierce battles going on
confrontation between Israeli uh uh Army
and between the militant groups in
inside Gaza
City and hany as you're talking we're
looking at at pictures of what looks
like fighting but also we were seeing
pictures of of Destruction frankly and a
lot of
children in the Le in the rubble
Indonesian Hospital said it's had to
shut down its main generator as those
people who survived these attacks Escape
that Rubble what kind of medical
services are left for
them well Sam the more uh intense air
strikes are just leaving large number
there's a tsunami of casualties uh and
only mounting too much pressure on
hospitals and and other medical
facilities as of of this time as of this
moment the only remaining health
facility functioning in in the northern
part is the Indonesian Hospital was
already uh working Beyond its capacity
on just limited resources in terms of
medical supplies and and fuel supplies
but as of this morning an announcement
was made that the hospital run
completely out of fuel and it had to
shut down its main generator that run uh
ran major part of the hospital and they
are running now on subordinate a small
power generator just to keep two
important uh uh Department running the
ventilation system as well as the ICU
units in the hospitals uh but we we're
going to see more of this tragic uh
going on in the coming hours as they run
completely out of a fuel all right we'll
leave it there thanks so much hany
Mahmood